hello everyone Kevin Smith here again
tubalove and the next part of my typical
practice session is octaves now when I
started with just doing the general
slurring I was just going down to
basically the next open notes and then
as I was working on intervals I was
increasing the notes up as far as an
octave what that was doing is gradually
giving my embouchure time to warm up
because you'll notice I mean the longer
or the father the distance between each
of these notes the more you have to
adjust your lips and or rather your jaw
what's called your embouchure so if
you're starting out that kind of thing
early you're not really giving your
embouchure the time to warm up properly
so now that I've done the intervals now
I'm going to take it a little bit
farther and just warm up with octaves
which is the next as I said earlier the
note that sounds just like another one
except that it's higher in pitch like
this usually when I do them I usually do
three notes or what tired of two octaves
so if I start on the low F and and again
when you're doing these continue to slur
them don't tongue yet the slurring gives
you your a better opportunity early on
to get to get the embouchure going and
to get that feeling of the air support
that's needed to keep that gliding sound
in between the notes that real flowing
sense
that the hi-c there is about as high as
I would go for the moment and also the
clicking that you heard was the spit
that was building up in my horn